README.md, before:

# E23

## GPIO Pin layout (as of 14th Aug)
PIN_MOTOR_A_IN1 = 17
PIN_MOTOR_A_IN2 = 27

PIN_MOTOR_B_IN1 = 23
PIN_MOTOR_B_IN2 = 24    

PIN_MOTOR1_ENABLE = 18
PIN_MOTOR2_ENABLE = 10

# motor 1 outputs for feedback (yellow and white) - signal outputted by encoder into the pi pwm 
PIN_MOTOR1_OUT_A = 5
PIN_MOTOR1_OUT_B = 6

PIN_MOTOR2_OUT_A = 3
PIN_MOTOR2_OUT_B = 2

PIN_SERVO = 12

# Parameters that can be changed in green_ball_tracker
capWidth and capHeight = The Width and Height of the frame respectively. CHANGE THE LINE DETECTION SUBTRACTION TO HALF OF WHATEVER THE HEIGHT IS IF THE HEIGHT IS CHANGED. 
i.e if min(y1, y2) > y_below - 960/2
Gaussian Blur kernel size must be an odd number
v1_min, v2_min, v3_min, v1_max, v2_max, v3_max = for the tennis ball green filter, HSV goes 0 to 179 for RYGBP for every 30, S and V are 0-255
radius = the size set by openCV to recognise circles.
maxarea and minare = maximum and minimum area (in terms of pixels) that tennis balls will be recognised within.
cv2.VideoCapture(INSERT_CAMERA_NUMBER_HERE)

# PLEASE NOTE CHANGING THE CAMERA FRAME RESOLUTION WILL REQUIRE RECALIBRATING ALL OF THE MINAREA AND MAXAREA AND RADIUS VALS.

Commit message:

mini changes to line det

README.md, after:

# E23

## GPIO Pin layout (as of 14th Aug)
PIN_MOTOR_A_IN1 = 17
PIN_MOTOR_A_IN2 = 27

PIN_MOTOR_B_IN1 = 23
PIN_MOTOR_B_IN2 = 24    

PIN_MOTOR1_ENABLE = 18
PIN_MOTOR2_ENABLE = 10

# motor 1 outputs for feedback (yellow and white) - signal outputted by encoder into the pi pwm 
PIN_MOTOR1_OUT_A = 5
PIN_MOTOR1_OUT_B = 6

PIN_MOTOR2_OUT_A = 3
PIN_MOTOR2_OUT_B = 2

PIN_SERVO = 12

# Parameters that can be changed in green_ball_tracker
capWidth and capHeight = The Width and Height of the frame respectively. CHANGE THE LINE DETECTION SUBTRACTION TO HALF OF WHATEVER THE HEIGHT IS IF THE HEIGHT IS CHANGED. 
i.e if min(y1, y2) > y_below - 960/2
Gaussian Blur kernel size must be an odd number
v1_min, v2_min, v3_min, v1_max, v2_max, v3_max = for the tennis ball green filter, HSV goes 0 to 179 for RYGBP for every 30, S and V are 0-255
radius = the size set by openCV to recognise circles.
maxarea and minare = maximum and minimum area (in terms of pixels) that tennis balls will be recognised within.
cv2.VideoCapture(INSERT_CAMERA_NUMBER_HERE)

min_line_length = minimum pixel length for lines to be detected using Hough Transform

# PLEASE NOTE CHANGING THE CAMERA FRAME RESOLUTION WILL REQUIRE RECALIBRATING ALL OF THE MINAREA AND MAXAREA AND RADIUS VALS.
